#A French poetry corpus : Le Lac by Alphonse de Lamartine, L'Albatros by Charles Baudelaire and La courbe de tes yeux by Paul Eluard.
For the first step, we must be able to provide an XML file linked to a DTD file. We must also write a .readme file presenting the works we have chosen to encode, and explain why we chose them. As for me, since I love poetry, I chose to work on three French poems from the 19th and 20th centuries that I particularly like: Le Lac by Alphonse de Lamartine, L'Albatros by Charles Baudelaire, and La courbe de tes yeux by Paul Eluard. I had studied them in the past and found their structure interesting, both in terms of meaning (highlighted in XML) and form. Le Lac is a poem from 1820, published in Méditations poétiques. It is known as one of the most famous poems of French Romantic poetry, alongside the poems of Victor Hugo, and presents a reflection on time. L'Albatros is a poem from 1859, published in the collection Les Fleurs du Mal. Focusing on the theme of travel, the poem reflects Baudelaire's taste for the exotic. La courbe de tes yeux is a poem from 1924, published in the collection Capitale de la douleur. This poem follows the classical model of the blazon, inspired by Clément Marot in the 16th century, and consists of a eulogy to an anatomical part of the beloved. The use of XML as a markup format focused primarily on the meaning of the text rather than its layout is very interesting, especially in poetry. That is why I chose poetry because the objective of the exercise will be to edit the text using XML. This allows the literary work to be structured semantically. I did not use AI except for translation tools in order to write in more fluent English.

